hey Isabelle here and today we're gonna
talk about something that gets a lot of
people when they change their eating
habits and that is horrible sugar
cravings I know not everyone craves
sugar there are those that crepes salt
and others that crave both together but
overall I would say that sugar is the
number one food craving of most people
here are a few tips that I have found
extremely helpful with myself and with
thousands of clients and readers to help
combat a sugar craving first it's great
to really understand exactly how sugar
is affecting your body once you really
learn the toxic effects of sugar chances
are you already will be less likely to
want to consume it not only does sugar
contribute to heart disease diabetes
obesity and cancer it also weakens your
immune system causes tooth decay
contributes to osteoporosis accelerates
aging and has been shown to even be more
addictive than cocaine now with a track
record like that you should already be
craving less of it the second thing I
want you to understand is that eating
sugar makes you crave even more sugar
the good news here is that once you
start to decrease the amount of sweet
foods you are having each day you will
crave them less this is one of the major
problems with artificial sweeteners they
still keep your palate craving sweet so
even if you're using natural sweeteners
like my favorite stevia the less you use
the less you'll need I've had people
tell me that by just eliminating their
sweeteners especially in their tea or
coffee
they then crave less sugar all day long
amazing by just retraining your palate
you can very easily kick that sugar
habit
now speaking of natural sweeteners like
stevia let's say you're eating a lot
less sugar and you're not sweetening
your food items all that much but you
really just want that sweet treat okay
I've had plenty of these moments myself
luckily there are so many delicious ways
you can create tasty desserts and treats
without any of the toxic ingredients
just do a quick search in beyond diet
for desserts there are cake
cookies and pudding recipes that are
phenomenal and most either use stevia
xylitol raw honey maple syrup or ripe
bananas to sweeten all-natural beyond
diet approved ingredients in my house we
always have almond flour raisin cookies
and wheat free banana bread for an
occasional treat and last but definitely
not least your craving may just be a
blood sugar low so you may just need a
good balance of protein carbs and fat to
kick the craving maybe another mini meal
in the afternoon like sliced turkey some
sweet potato and some sauteed spinach or
a mini veggie omelet with a slice of
sprouted grain bread you may not
specifically be craving sugar you may
just need to eat to get your blood sugar
back to balance I highly encourage you
to follow the tips in this video if
sugar cravings have been holding you
back from reaching your fat loss goals I
know you'll have that sugar kicked in no
time click the link to discover more
about how sweeteners affect your weight
loss thanks for watching